Car-dealership-management-system

1.DESCRIPTION The car dealership management system allows salespersons to maintain a record of the customers visiting the dealership as well as the vehicles currently available at the dealership. The salesperson is able to add the details of a new customer to the database along with his/her sales id as reference. The salesperson is also able to search for the details of a particular of a customer based on his/her customer id. This will display the details of the customer with the entered id. There is also a delete customer functionality which can be used to delete the details of a customer when no longer required. Salesperson is able to check available stock using the check inventory feature present in the system. This can then be used to show the customer a list of cars available at the dealership. The salesperson is also able to search for a particular car based on its unique vehicle id. Which will display details such as make, model, colour and manufacturing year of the vehicle. There is also a sale feature which allows a sale to be stored in records upon entering customer id, vehicle id and salesperson id, and deletes the sold vehicle from inventory of vehicles available 

2.FEATURES The car dealership management system helps employees working at the dealership easily maintain a record of the customers visiting and vehicles available at the dealership.  It allows salespersons to add new customer details with ease  It allows salespersons to delete customer details easily  It allows salespersons to search for a customer’s details  It allows salespersons to view all the customers registered with the dealership  It allows employees to add new cars as they are acquired by the dealership  It allows employees to check the available inventory  It allows a salesperson to look up details of a particular car  It allows the salesperson to delete the details of a particular vehicle once a sale is made  It allows the salespeople to keep a track of all sales made with the date and time of sale. This is very useful for a company as it helps in accounting and calculating revenue, strong periods of sales etc.  It allows existing salespersons to be removed from the dealership records once they leave the dealership. All existing customers linked to them shall also have to be deleted and issued fresh salespersons.  It allows to view all salespersons employed with the company currently  It allows a salesperson to view details of all customers linked to him/her upon entering salesperson ID. This is especially useful for a dealership to send promotions and link commissions of a sale to a particular salesperson. User Interface The home page consists of a simple login form which allows user login. Once correct password is entered a function dashboard allows users to navigate through the different functionalities provided.

3. TECHNOLOGIES USED Node.JS Express MySQL HTML Javascript CSS
